fix(astro): don't run middleware in dev for prerendered 404 routes (#11273)
withastro/astro: .changeset/silly-pens-fetch.md

---
'astro': patch
---

> Corrects an inconsistency in dev where middleware would run for prerendered 404 routes.
> Middleware is not run for prerendered 404 routes in production, so this was incorrect.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Corrects an inconsistency in development where middlewares would run for prerendered 404 routes. It doesn't happen anymore to match production's behavior
```
